chore(common): Deprecation of .NET 6 docs (#2928)
telerik/blazor-docs: getting-started/client-blazor.md

This article explains how to get the <a href = "https://www.telerik.com/blazor-ui" target="_blank">Telerik UI for Blazor components</a> in your Blazor WebAssembly app and start using them quickly. You will create a new application from scratch, learn how to add the UI for Blazor components to a project, and finally, add a UI component to a view.

> > This article applies only to the **Blazor WebAssembly Standalone App** Visual Studio project template for .NET 8 and newer versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This article applies only to the **Blazor WebAssembly Standalone App** Visual Studio project template.
```

>

> > If you prefer the **Blazor Web App** template for .NET 8 and newer versions, then follow the [tutorial about Blazor Web Apps](slug:getting-started/web-app).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you prefer the **Blazor Web App** template with WebAssembly render mode, then follow the [tutorial about Blazor Web Apps](slug:getting-started/web-app).
```
